Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, when these are clicks on this, there's going to be a pop up.
We have the user can choose to upload the video either from the gallery or camera, and that's all there's
going to be a cancel button.
Okay.
Now, to do this are going to need to go back to our VSP code and then they have the video screen.
Now we can use control and be in that to make this wide.
Okay.
Now over here, we are going to create a function and we are going to call this function show dialog.
Dialogue option.
Okay.
Now via to pass in the contest contest.
And we can specify the type that it is a type of build contest.
Okay.
Now you're going to return something on this show.
She'll die.
I'll log.
Okay.
I think I just have to do it again, stated the critics for me.
Dialogue.
Should dialogue.
Okay, great.
There you can see it has already passed in the contest.
Okay.
So via the view there is going to be contest.
We can't ignore specifying the type.
Okay.
Now they're going to say we want to return something on a simple.
Simple dialogue.
Okay.
Of your cynical view, now that we're going to get rid of this and then we're going to use another function
and call the function we just created called Show.
Dialogue.
Option.
And then you're going to need a pass in this contest.
Okay.
Contest.
Great.
Now use contrariness to save.
Okay.
Now click on this.
Now, you can see he's trying to pop out something, but we don't have any chest tissue.
Okay.
So now what you're going to need to do is.
Over this simple dialogue.
This simple dialogue has.
The children property.
Okay.
Now for the children is going to be.
Simple.
Okay.
Simple dialogue option.
You can see.
Okay.
Now this is more like it.
But since we ask the oppressed, we can just leave the function empty for now.
Okay.
And there's all this simple dialogue option as a property known as child for the child, probably zero
widgets.
And the reason for this rule is you're going to have a test, sorry on that call, but then have an
icon and available to have.
It's just okay.
You're just going to see this shortly.
So we can't use the children.
The first child is going to be icon and icon.
We just we can use the icons dots.
I think image.
Okay.
And as All the Nest, we did this movie obsessed with Jets.
And you're just going to see Gallery.
Gallo.
Okay.
It's necessary.
Now I'll click on this.
Okay.
You can see it.
You can see the reason why we have to use it.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we can give space between this icon and this gallery.
So.
O'REILLY The rub.
This is a light for us in this country.
Does that rub it?
Pardon?
Okay.
It's going to go with the edge.
This country and this is Eve and we'll check it out.
Click on this first to condense cases as best that we can give some strategists, because this tie is
going to be a chess tie.
You can't say font size.
Wonderful size to be 22.
Okay.
I think.
Is going to get rid of this sty.
Just stay.
Okay.
We want the font size to be 22 and long different font tweets.
So France waits to be bold so they can sue for tweets.
That both added true color and is contrary unnecessary.
Now click on this.
In order to get rid of that for now.
Okay.
Now click on this.
Okay, great.
There are going to have more.
So what we can then do is we can copy this simple dialog option ten create use controversy and value
added trigger comma.
And then this.
There's going to be a there's going to be the.
The tests over their.
You can see this is going to be I think is going to be image.
So for the icon first.
It's going to be.
I can't start camera.
Sorry.
Camera.
On the score hotline, I think Hart's hotline.
Okay.
You can use any of your choice.
And this is going to be camera.
Okay.
Now use this to see and go check what you just did.
Click on this link.
Lastly, we're going to have for the cancer.
Okay.
Hydrogen common and everyday is unlikely, but some just will appear.
There's going to be icons that console.
And.
This is going to be a council.
Okay.
Click on this.
Okay, great.
Great.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this picture.